---
layout: post
title: RootedRemedies — Nature’s Healing at Your Fingertips
date: 2025-08-15 09:00:00 -0800
description: Discover how RootedRemedies empowers users to explore natural healing through curated remedies and herbal recipes.
image: /assets/blog-images/2.png
---

Today is the day! I've released my first app on Google Play which can be found [here](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rootedremedies.my_apothecary)!
(no iOS, sorry- I am not willing to pay 100/yr for a license when Google is 20/lifetime.)

I'll deep dive in AI tools and such which was used for creating this app as a solo developer/hobbyist later, but I just wanted to share the news here!

### What is Rooted Remedies?

In a world flooded with synthetic solutions, RootedRemedies offers a refreshing return to nature. This app is designed to help you explore time-tested herbal remedies, holistic treatments, and plant-based recipes—all curated to support your well-being.

Whether you're looking for natural health care products such as collagen, fix your brain fog from work, or make a natural toothpaste, RootedRemedies makes it easy to browse, bookmark, and apply natural solutions in your daily life.

Each remedy includes:

- 🌿 **Ingredients** you can find at home or in local markets
- 📖 **Step-by-step instructions** for preparation and use
- 🧠 **Insights** into the traditional and scientific benefits of each remedy

RootedRemedies isn’t just an app—it’s a growing library of ancestral wisdom, modern research, and practical healing. Join thousands who are rediscovering the power of nature, one remedy at a time. Download it on Google Play by clicking [here](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rootedremedies.my_apothecary)!
